DOCS-2124: Adjustment to Apple Pay Activate section (#1149)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payment-methods/wallet/applepay/activate-apple-pay.md

## Activate

Apple Pay is a _standard payment method_ in the [MultiSafepay Contol](https://merchant.multisafepay.com/)<br>

Credit card payment methods must first be enabled in order for Apple Pay to be approved due to the nature of Apple Pay transactions being processed through credit card payment schemes such as Visa or  Mastercard.

> Credit cards are additional (non-standard) payment methods which include Visa and Mastercard (American Express is not supported). You can submit the application to enable credit cards as a payment method through our Risk team at <risk@multisafepay.com> __Please also mention alongside your application that you would like for Apple Pay to be enabled.__

Reviewer: It's not clear what is meant by standard or non-standard payment methods. Please create an entry in the glossary and refer to it, or explain what is meant in this text.

## Activate

Apple Pay is a standard payment method in the [MultiSafepay Contol](https://merchant.multisafepay.com/)<br>

> In order for Apple Pay to be activated, you must first enable credit cards in your MultiSafepay Control. You can submit the application to enable credit cards as a payment method through our Risk Team at <risk@multisafepay.com> __Please also mention alongside your application that you would like for Apple Pay to be enabled.__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for Apple Pay to be activated, you must first enable the credit card payment methods in your MultiSafepay Control. Next, submit the application to enable credit cards as a payment method through our Risk Team at <risk@multisafepay.com> __Please also mention alongside your application that you would like for Apple Pay to be enabled.__
```
